# NBA STAT BOT
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/ZJ63gAo-OoQ>
#### Description:
Hi there! I am Kienan and I hail from sunny Singapore. I am so glad that I decided to take up this CS50 course to prepare myself for my studies in University as this has been an incredibly fruitful journey for me, and a great start for me to familiarise myself with the fundamentals of coding.

Alright, enough rambling. My project is called the NBA Stat Bot! Many a time I have found myself in a situation where I am having a heated discussion about NBA players with my friends and this exact line is said: "Pull up their stats." We then have to google each player individually and attempt to sieve through various sports websites to compare their statistics. This is a Telegram bot that will simplify that process - especially when you're in the middle of an intense debate!

There are 2 python files here: main and constants.
Constants contains the token generated by BotFather when creating my bot to access the HTTP API.
Main contains all the functions for the various commands my bot responds to.

My bot responds to 3 commands - /start, /help and /compare.
/start and /help are very simple commands - the former just greets the user and the latter just gives users a quick tutorial on how to use the /compare function.
/compare is the biggest part of this bot, prompting the user to input two NBA players' names one by one, and then returning a message with their respective stats side by side with the greater values being in bold for easier comparison. If the bot is unable to find the statistics for the players inputted, an error message is returned.

The /compare function takes data from nba.db, another file in this folder, which I created. In nba.db is a table called "stats" which I also created, importing data from nbabetter.csv (also in this folder) which i created by importing data from the popular basketball reference website into a Google Sheet.

Overall, while this was a rather simple idea I have had for a while, the execution was extremely challenging, having to familarise myself with syntax to create a working telegram bot (such as conversation/message/command handlers) and also dealing with the endless bugs and errors I faced, especially when functions were not being called as intended. I am gald to have persevered through these struggles though, as I am very proud of the final product, and will be encouraging my friends to use it in our future conversations.

Thanks for reading!